---
title: Welcome to my new Website
pubDate: 2025-03-09
description: >
 A short introduction of myself and what to expect from this website and blog.
tags: ["intro"]
---

## Who am I?

Hello! My name is Ulrich Feindt and I have worked full-time as a software developer
since early 2020. Most of my work has been in web development, and mostly on the backend
side of it. I do enjoy frontend work just as much, though, and would consider myself a
full-stack developer. I am currently working as a backend developer at [Imaginative
Design Group](https://www.imaginative-design.com/), developing and maintaining the
e-commerce backend for the design furniture brand [Hem](https://hem.com). However, in
May I will be moving on to a new position as full-stack software engineer at
[Betao](https://betao.se).

Prior to my career as a software developer, I have worked in academia as a researcher in
astrophysics. For this reason, Python is my programming language of choice for most
situations. I started using it almost 15 years ago, and it has stuck with me since then.
As a full-stack developer, I do of course work a fair bit in JavaScript/TypeScript as
well, and TypeScript has ultimated improved my Python as well by making me appreciate
type annotations.

I am always eager to learn new tools, frameworks, and sometimes also languages.
Currently, that includes Svelte, Vue, and Astro for frontend development, as well as
Rust for tasks that require some faster code.

## What is this website? What will this blog be about?

I first set up a personal website about four years ago using Gatsby but other than
updating my CV and contact info, I never really developed it further. A few months ago,
I once again had issues updating that site, so I decided that a fresh start is probably
the best way to go.

This website is intended to be part portfolio, part documentation for my own sake, and
part guides for those who run into the same issues as me. Like many developers, a lot of
my work comes down to scouring the web for solutions, and thus I have greatly relied on
blog posts and forum threads, but never posted much myself. It's only fair if I try to
give something back.

I do not have a strict plan for this blog yet, but will start with documenting progress
on some of my projects and maybe writing up a short guide here and there. So, feel free
to following me on my socials (see below) or subscribe to my RSS feed.